README.md, before:

# siderra portfolio
#### It contains a brief history of my person and journey of programming, 11/07/2020
#### By **siderra victor**
## Description
This portfolio has my personal information including my contacts. It details my educational journey
as well as my journey through programming .There is also a brief explanation of my career during
and post campus.
Developers get a chance to see some of the projects that I have done, entirely by myself with guidance
from my TM at Moringa School.

## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Internet Connection
* Computer of Smart Phone
* A link to my GitHub
* Necessary Software

This is still work in progress .Come back tomorrow and you might see some changes in the project.
## Technologies Used
Languages I used here are:
CSS
HTML
## Support and contact details
You are highly encouraged to make changes to the code and make pull and push requests .My contact
information is on the portfolio in case you want to reach me via email or phone.
### License
*This is private information which MUST not be commercialised by anyone.Use for Official and educational purposes only*
Copyright (c) {year} **victor siderra,Moringa School**

Commit message:

add link to live site on gh-pages

README.md, after:

# siderra portfolio
#### It contains a brief history of my person and journey of programming, 11/07/2020
## By **SIDERRA VICTOR**
## Description
This portfolio has my personal information including my contacts. It details my educational journey
as well as my journey through programming .There is also a brief explanation of my career during
and post campus.
Developers get a chance to see some of the projects that I have done, entirely by myself with guidance
from my TM at Moringa School.
##Link to the live site on gh-Pages
https://vsidera.github.io/Portfolio/
## Setup/Installation Requirements
* Internet Connection
* Computer of Smart Phone
* A link to my GitHub
* Necessary Software

This is still work in progress .Come back tomorrow and you might see some changes in the project.
## Technologies Used
Languages I used here are:
CSS,
HTML
## Support and contact details
You are highly encouraged to make changes to the code and make pull and push requests .My contact
information is on the portfolio in case you want to reach me via email or phone.
### License
*This is private information which MUST not be commercialised by anyone.Use for Official and educational purposes only*
Copyright (c) {year} **victor siderra,Moringa School**
